[Music]
what to do when a boy looks at you all
the single ladies out there how many
times has a really cute guy looked at
you and you got so flustered up and
embarrassed that you either immediately
looked away and hid your face in your
phone or even bolted out the door yeah
it's hardly ever all cool and perfect
like in the movies is it well hopefully
this video will help you out with that
in the future and that glance will
finally turn into a conversation with
mr. dreamy
so what should you do if a boy looks at
you keep on watching to find out wait
you're not into boys well that's okay we
have something for everyone here on the
bright side of life just head over to
our Channel and check out our video on
what to do when a girl looks at you and
while we're at it why not give that
subscribe button a click we put out tons
of helpful videos every single day so
ring that little bell to be notified
each time we post alright now what about
when he gives you the look just imagine
it you're sipping on a cappuccino at
your favorite coffee shop suddenly you
feel someone's eyes on you it really is
an indescribable feeling isn't it but
you just know when you're being checked
out so you look up and there he is just
as you suspected with his gorgeous eyes
pinned right on you you have two ways to
go here either you're not interested and
you can ignore him and go about your
business or you wouldn't mind getting to
know this fella let's say he's piqued
your interest what do you do next one
show him that you've noticed if the guy
is kind of staring at you not in a
creepy way but just hoping to catch your
eye it's obvious he's interested in you
if you feel the same way give him a
glance back now how he reacts will
depend on what kind of guy he is we're
all different after all right if he's
the confident type he'll most definitely
smile at you and keep his eyes on yours
the shy sort will likely turn his head
away not because he doesn't like you
anymore just because guys can be pretty
timid but sweet at the same time
either case try testing the waters and
look back at him for about three seconds
if you look any longer
it might get awkward but glancing any
shorter might make it unclear whether or
not you want his attention or you just
looked back at him decided you're not
interested and simply turned away just
don't bury your nose in your phone and
even if you're in middle of an important
text conversation or about to level up
on your favorite mobile game look up
every once in a while to show him that
you like what you see to read his eyes
according to a study by psychologists at
the University of Miami when humans
focus on someone they devote 43.4% of
their attention to the person's eyes
there's more to it then he is or isn't
looking at me when you learn to read the
eyes you can be the true master of the
situation because you'll know exactly
what to expect so if the guy maintains
eye contact once you looked back at him
he's obviously interested in you if he
looks at you for a second
then shift his glance elsewhere but
returns to you that's a good sign too so
don't get disappointed the second he
looks away as long as he gets back to
you everything's cool however if he
interrupts the contact and starts
wandering around the room with his eyes
it means he's really not focused on you
even the shyest guys will go back to the
object of their interest after looking
away at least out of curiosity if you're
still there or not the difference sounds
pretty subtle when described in words
but you'll feel it when it gets down to
the real situation also there are some
signs that don't just say he's curious
about you but seriously into you that's
definitely the case if he's staring at
your mouth this is just natural human
behavior when we're attracted to someone
second he's definitely attracted to you
if he looks to the left returns to you
and scans your face and then looks to
the right again it all comes down to
psychology
three decide who will make the first
move
yep you heard it right it's up to you to
decide who will approach whom to start a
conversation the whole guys must make
the first move thing is outdated and
long gone so if you want to talk to this
guy who's basically inviting you to a
conversation just using his eyes go for
it most dudes these days find it a huge
turn-on when a girl is confident and
makes the first move to get what she
wants
plus men can be nervous and shy too he
might be too scared to make the first
move and waiting for him to do it might
mean a lost opportunity if you aren't
ready to approach this handsome stranger
yourself or perhaps you prefer the
traditional way give him the okay to do
it show him with your open and relaxed
body language that you don't mind him
coming up to you keep eye contact and
remember that he's more likely to
approach you if you are alone so if
you've been sitting with your friends
this whole time
give him a glance while getting up from
the table and head up to the bar to
order another cappuccino or dessert you
are basically telling him meet me at the
cash register for a chat for play it
cool and watch your body language once
one of you has made the move it's time
for the next step the conversation now
you've had all this time to plan your
first words but of course starting with
a hi I'm will do it's hard to know where
a conversation will go once it's been
started but you can use clues to keep it
going is he wearing a Yankees cap ask if
he plays baseball is there a Star Wars
sticker on his laptop now you can talk
about your movie tastes and what's even
better is giving a sincere compliment if
you're a Yankees or Star Wars fan too
you can say you like his hat or sticker
that'll get the ball rolling no matter
what you talk about keep it simple and
cool if you both like each other you
must be equally excited and nervous in a
good way one thing to keep in mind when
you're chatting with someone is your
body language even if you're really into
this guy your nerves can make your body
send the entirely opposite signal don't
stand or sit too close to your new
friend
don't keep the space between you a cord
lead distant one arms-length is just
enough if you are standing make sure
your hips and feet are pointed towards
him and keep your back straight if you
were sitting down don't crush your legs
and arms over each other this creates an
axe that basically sends the message
that you're closed off to letting him
get to know you just try to relax your
limbs and sit as if you're at the dinner
table with your family
no stress lean in slightly when he's
talking it shows that you're listening
and interested in what he has to say and
even if you are a really shy person try
to maintain eye contact this is crucial
and finally with all that body language
stuff look for these clues in him as
well
does his posture show that he's
interested in listening when you're
talking if so that's definitely a good
sign what do you do when a cute guy
looks at you are you gonna try out any
of these tips let us know in the
comments below if you found this video
helpful then give it a like and share it
with your single friends don't forget to
subscribe and join the Brightside family
see you next time
[Music]